# Please.
The player or players explore what looks to be an old, abandoned store at the start of the game as teenagers. As they poke around, they find some records concerning the establishment that include details about who owns it and why it was closed. They hear sirens and police lights outside while they are going over these documents. After that, the player dashes to the rear door of the staff area, opens it, and tumbles into a sewer.
# Help.
Teleported to a new location, which is very strange; it should resemble a long garage that leads into a strange playground. It should also have very intricate and strange designs, and some of the puzzles should be extremely difficult and challenging—almost like an escape room—with different puzzles that reveal more about the owners' relationship with his mother and other reasons why he gave up his job to pursue his dream.
# Momma.
This one is a very dark underground sort of place where the player(s) will be placed. It should sort of look like a cave here, where the scary stuff starts, but there aren't any dangers yet—just jumpscares. To beat this, find the exit; if there are any paper hints lying around, it would be a kiddy drawing depicting the owner's sad moment as he watches his mom slowly die.
# Breath.
This takes place in a hospital looking place with pretty bright white lights player(s) with have to hide from an entity called the source
so basically this is time based sort of how it is like in super mario maker where this is a time frame pretty much the entity goes aound the map in seconds and if a player is not hidden either under a bed or in a locker/closet they immediatly die basically this will only start happening when the player's start the generater. Puzzles for this will include crosswords, pattern to code match(similar to bear where you had to match the colors to the numbers), and a numpad code at the exit door which code is a five key found with a code geotten from the pattern to code match puzzle which gives you an key and this key opens five cabinets player(s) have to look for these cabinets and find the five key thing open the door or maybe and old fashion elevator then boom they escape the s0uπc3. Once finished with this place it will show an cutscene of an storyline of the owner's moms last words.
# Palace
This should be a place that resembles paradise for Christians, complete with white and gold classical music. It should also be a place where players may find out the names of many moms and their dates of death, essentially a graveyard or grave site. This is essentially the entire location, and players should keep the mother's name in mind.

okay all for now won't be adding more ideas until we get to this point.
